Hey there!
Hélène Coulombe,
lover of Mont-Saint-Pierre,
lover of its snow and its ice!
Winter is my favourite season!
(laughs)
Obviously, it's very different
from summer,
but I find that the the landscapes
of Mont-Saint-Pierre in winter
are even more impressive
than in summer.
After a nice snowfall,
snow has a way of carving
the mountains.
It really is stunning, magnificent.
It's winter, gotta take advantage of it
to play outside.
There's snowshoeing,
cross-country skiing, snowboarding,
skishoeing, hiking...
You can just go outside to walk
on the beach,
take a long walk
around the village.
Even that is magnificent.
Mont Saint-Pierre is not
a mountain like the others.
You can access it easily,
and fairly quickly.
It's a short trek.
Once you get to the top,
you have this unique scenery
with the river on one side,
and the valley floor on the other.
Depending on the snowfall
and the current temperature,
the scenery changes non-stop.
They built a new walkway,
and the vista
is really exceptional.
Whether you go up every day
or just once in a while,
there's always a beautiful surprise
waiting for you up there!